on the sidelines of the cop 28 Summit in
Dubai US vice president Kamala Harris
had a clear message for Israel too many
innocent Palestinians have been killed
frankly the scale of Civilian suffering
and the images and videos coming from
Gaza are
devastating with more than 15,000 dead
in Gaza under Israeli bombardment and
ceasefire negotiations called off the
message of us officials including
defense secretary Lloyd Austin has
become increasingly insistent that
Israel must do more to protect civilians
you see in this kind of a fight the
center of gravity is the civilian
population and if you drive them into
the arms of the enemy you replace a
tactical Victory with a strategic
defeat so I have repeatedly made clear
to Israel's leaders that protecting
Palestinian civilians in Gaza is both a
moral responsibility
and a strategic
imperative the comments from Harris and
Austin reflect a growing shift from the
US's initial unequivocal support for
Israel's military actions but it remains
to be seen if there'll be more than just
words the US has provided Israel with
much of the lethal weapons it is using
now in Gaza and the Senate this coming
week will consider whether to send still
more military aid to Israel not another
not another gu meanwhile Saturday saw
yet more protests in Los Angeles and
Washington against the Bloodshed in Gaza
as for what comes after the war the Vice
President also outlined in the clearest
public terms to date what the US wishes
to see for
Palestinians no forcable displacement no
reoccupation no Siege or blockade no
reduction in territory and no use of
Gaza as a platform for terrorism she
said the US wants to see a unified Gaza
and West Bank under the Palestinian
Authority Heidi Joe Castro Al jazer
Washington make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer